Malware Archive configuration fix (#113)
CybercentreCanada/assemblyline4_docs: docs/installation/configuration/malware_archive.md

# Malware Archive section

Configuring the Malware Archive functionality is done by modifying the data storage section (`datastore`). Refer to the [Malware Archive](../overview/architecture/#keeping-files-forever-malware-archive) to get an understanding of how this feature works.

The minimum required change to turn on the Malware Archive is to set the `datastore.archive.enabled` flag to `true`. This will show the **Archive** link in the left navbar, activate the **Archiver** core component and create the archive indices in the database.

> Optionally, you can also add a seperate entry for the archive in the `filestore` so your archived files are not mixed with the non-archived file. Having a seperate archive filestore will make some operations in the system faster. You can also configure the **Archiver** behavior by setting a minimum service selection for all archived submission which means that if you try to archive a submission where not all those services ran, the **Archiver** will create a derived submission with the added services and will archive that new submission instead once it's done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can also add a separate entry for the archive in the `filestore` so your archived files are not mixed with the non-archived files. Having a separate archive filestore will make some operations in the system faster. You can also configure the **Archiver** behaviour by setting a minimum service selection for all archived submission which means that if you try to archive a submission where not all those services ran, the **Archiver** will create a derived submission with the added services and will archive that new submission instead once it's done.
```

???+ example "Malware Archive configuration example"
    ```yaml
    ...
    core:
      archiver:
        # List of services that must be selected for a submission to be archived. (optional)

>         #   If a service is missing the archiver will re-submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #   If a service is missing, the archiver will re-submit
```
